Where are the emergency workers, where is the Central Ministry of Emergency Situations, all the
emergency workers came from Russia, who professionally
thought about this, collected fuel oil, where are
they, well, the emergency workers, I think, have something to do,
what are they, after all, the Ministry of
Emergency Situations, this is an
emergency situation, they are preparing for this.
They get salaries for this, I
explain to you again.  Well, I wouldn't
say that it's very critical for us No, it's
not very
critical somewhere they walk along the shore I
watched a video today I watched a lot of videos Well,
there are some there, oil carries such
stones there along the shore birds where
normal, where abnormal To be honest,
I wouldn't at all
steamed
hello good night Happy New Year to
you or do you already have Crimea pike perch pike perch
cool there is fuel oil on the stain has not
yet reached you if possible a little slower
because you speak so quickly there is fuel oil to
you
I understand it has reached it has
reached how the authorities are fighting with
fuel oil
I wash the birds with a spot, volunteers collect them on
the sand. Well, and
you wash the crabs. Well, now is not the time.  crab like
we catch crabs in the fall in the spring Yes but
now they are on the bottom in fuel oil they also need to be
washed somehow Well I haven't caught any yet For example I
understood and there fish are washed from
fuel oil fish maybe only we are for now yes Chuck is
washing divers Yes and Listen  and the question is whose
fuel oil was it and who is to blame
because they still haven't named
the culprit Why didn't they
call us the captain of the ship, he is
not
the owner, the ship is 52 years old, he had no
right to go out on it, it's even a
company. That's what kind of company it is and who is
the owner
companies I read all this on telegram today
everything is already Under arrest so Under
arrest Captain And who is the owner of the
company What kind of
oligarch
Well what kind of oligarch
is this fuel oil the company is generally a ship but
he had no right to go to sea
Absolutely right Yes the captain of the ship is
to blame that he  I didn't have And who is the owner of
this company, who is the owner of this
fuel oil, who is the company, I
can't tell you now because I
read about it on Telegram today. Can you read about it?
once again
who is this interest Well, what kind of
oligarch do you think is trading fuel oil
I can't tell you that
That is, the captain will be imprisoned
And I understand that the captain, by his own
desire and will, could not go to sea
again the ship I explain a river ship there
something Volga such
e said he
Well who said
who said said his own company
who yes yes who again you
don't hear me a little don't
feel I say I don't know this well that is
this some influential person this
owner of the company  True Well, it's just that you
don't trade fuel oil True
Well, do you think that there are few
influential people in Russia or few
influential people in Ukraine I'm asking who this
unknown influential person is M. Govo, the
fifth time I don't know who
it is I watched
today Yes today, as if I were  I didn't
bother with it I looked at Chuck we have a
volunteer organization open we have a shore
cleaning seagulls skeins of
smoke collecting pieces of oil that settle
and they take them out Well People  let's say they work
and they'll deal with these I think the authorities
who were trained to deal with this so
look again somehow it turns out that
almost a month has passed Yes but the Russians
still haven't been told So who is the
owner of this company who is
the owner of the fuel oil who should
compensate for everything  these losses are the
thief and the company should For the damage
it is not you who understands who wants it they
named the company name it is all not in the
tube we don't have a tube in this me all this
is I say I just forgot I won't
remember everything
and it's the
same thing
the question is why
there is a state Russian Federation
EMERCOM And so on there is even a company
that caused the damage And why are
volunteers doing this and not the state and
that owner that's what they write
in our local
chat
Well, why do they write in the chat And no one will
tell the authorities in person why  it's
volunteers washing Chuck and not Aksyonov
Well, our government supports the White House from
our White House for example, well, from our
administration from
RI from our mayor's office people are sent the mayor's office
supports with money as if we have  the city
is small but the territory I will say Well the
Coastal zone Well about maybe
eight kilometers of the Sudak line that's
where our people are engaged from the White
House the
Ministry of Emergency Situations where NT from Russia all came who
professionally This washed
collected fuel oil where are
they Well the Ministry of Emergency Situations I think there is something to do
what  they are just the Ministry of
Emergency Situations this is an
emergency situation they are
preparing for it they get these
salaries I explain again I will not say that it is
very critical No not very
critical somewhere Hot shore today
watched a lot of videos watched Well there are
some there oil brings out such  pebbles
there along the shore birds where are normal where are
abnormal To be honest I wouldn't bother at all
Here is my personal
opinion natural selection I wouldn't bother at all
they collect these birds wash them
wash them I say here We have a whole
this is created here bring dirty birds
Let's wash Listen  Well look
but I liked about naturally How do
you think this fuel oil spill
will affect the resort season in both
Krasnodar Krai and
Crimea I think not although also in our country  They
say that but I think we still have enough time before the
resort season
before the mouth is [ __ ] the beaches are washed and
cleaned I think the BC is uber the thing is
that this fuel oil there in M I read settles
Nano it is washed out in portions it cleans up It is
washed out again that's
how it is now
Canu I think  everything will be fine, that's
my opinion I'm an optimist in life Well,
what do you think, would a person
from Novosibirsk, for example, want to
go on holiday to Sud Where there
will be
fuel oil on the beach Look, you're
letting me down so that I can say I won't say that
I think like you  do you
think I think everything will be fine for the
holiday season we will have as usual a
full holiday season everything will be fine
and great when your
holiday
season starts
somewhere at the end of June June that is
in 5
months No people people go from May to
Maysky  they are coming
Nava let's really not go to May they are
all going to Sudak they won't come to May
that's a
fact why Well until May
there are 4 months left They won't have time just
tell me they will come Believe me  you
said that war will start no one will
come to you
normal people who don't
believe in these tales of yours always come to us shoot
people
always come to us as if it were fashionable to
come from Magadan and buy
Taya sings herself right this is what you say in
mazut you can imagine that what the Armed Forces
sea of mazut not sea of mazut sea is clean
so from whom then do volunteers clean
I explain some pennies brings sea of
bloopers that's what we have here they go Here I am
today smol
video nete chu
what they show you on your Ukrainian
TV  I'm in Latvia in Latvia I'm in Latvia no
Well you have Ukrainian this is not me
I watch on Latvian TV they show that
you have everything in
oil Moreover Moreover you are the
Baltic tiger Yeah right Latvia Lithuania
Estonia tigers Yes
tigers And you  now if I
live here you tell me what
is on my beach I ask right
then you  say that you clean all these birds
from fuel oil and now you say
that everything is fine and fuel oil No, I can't
understand, no, I'm explaining through our Gra
channels They say if you see birds there in
fuel oil bring them, we have
cleaning centers, they wash the birds, we have  we are here
today on meganom if vki we have
mountain Meganom today they went there
collecting these bloopers Well so Well how to say well
maybe a kilometer passed there
collected 3 kilograms here it is IT is visible Elya
it is oil if not it is the same as water
you understand It is the same  settles storm
brings oil actually lighter than water
fuel oil at certain fractions heavier than
water fuel oil fuel oil in the tank was
cm That is, how would it be Well, yes, it
is Yes, it is
unpleasant but such as you
imagine there is no such thing here
just look I have already seen that already and
Sevastopol is already in this fuel oil today yes
yes yes They called me today too and in
Sevastopol there is yes but the sea is big as
if  storms are coming and spreading it Well, I think
we'll manage in about five months. I
mean, it will spread. The more it spreads, the
less it will spread. Yes. If it
spreads over a larger area, there
will be less on the beaches. Yes. I understand that you
want to say
that who is to blame for this? The captain of the
ship is to blame.  the company that sent him then
Well then what needs to be decided somehow
and not execute
anyone and how do they decide we decide we decide
as I say for the fifth time there are volunteer
organizations that people go collect
show I am today on Telegram on
Su Here we have I went to  shore was looking for
that bag she has that one here she
helped I'll go
take this people Everything depends on people
What next And where do they take this
fuel oil And where do they take this
fuel oil I to be honest again I don't I don't
know if they would bring it to me I  I would agree
I work and I have nothing to heat the stove with I would
heat the fuel oil there most likely they throw it in
the trash And here we have
a transfer, that is, this fuel oil is collected
and thrown in the
trash probably yes, it is an
original disposal  fuel oil
It's cool, but you don't pour gasoline into
trash cans,
well, it's unlikely that
anyone would pour gasoline, but they pour fuel oil It's
cool, yes, and then we have, we have,
that is, I'll explain to you, we used to
have our own dump in Sudak, but now it's gone
we take everything out, well, it's
being bred in Crimea now, Belogorsk, we
take it out, there are tractors collecting it all,
maybe they burn it, I don't know, I won't
tell you anything, where it's being taken out, swearing.
I would take it for myself, I would heat a stove with it,
for example,
for
swearing in the vineyards, I guard the
vineyards. We have  bourgeois I sometimes
waste you would take a bag of fuel oil there
poured it into the budzha yes yes yes yes
yes Yes Very
good Very wonderful to heat with fuel
oil oil before there were old stoves of different kinds and they
heated with fuel oil you
don't have normal heating
there I mean we have gas So why don't
you heat  I explain with gas I work I guard
we have grapes in Crimea so stt
vineyards so you have a house in
which you are a security guard sitting Yes in which
I am a security guard sitting
Rada here we have now winter I have my
own Beetle in my trailer And why
is there no gas Why
a potbelly stove in the sense of vineyards
I
don't even have light That is, you have light  didn't
conduct Mom measure Gara I have
solar panels there is a battery that
is to charge the phone the radio to charge
and accordingly
the stove got it
I wonder how the light is not Yes Look I
looked at my house Yes there is gas
please I can
show you the boiler everything is at home I have everything with
O'  kay Look I watched our Balti
television ecologist he is very much like an ecologist
on the Baltic Sea Yes biologist
Andris
he said that the problem with this
Black Sea fuel oil is that now
when it settled somewhere it drank itself to death in the c
somewhere in the pebbles And when will it be  warm
weather, that is, the more the sun will
burn, the more this
will be, yes, that is, it turns out that just
when I can say this without a higher
education, yes then it turns out that
just when there will be a holiday season, all these
spots  will start to surface
you are so worried about us Russians not I am
interested I just don't understand you
say that there will be a resort season it
will be Believe me it
will be it will
be And believe me I am not
whining but I am just interested you are
Lithuanian shh
I just again go  I
wonder if I, I'm
Russian, it's
obvious if I were sitting here, I won't
allow myself to sit with someone else's
coat of arms, I could sit with the Russian
coat of arms. That is, if I were to
hang a Georgian Her right now and sit, I
simply can't imagine that either.  with
strangers Ger
ru and not this is a raident this is the coat of arms of our
Latvian prince And this is the Latvian prince of the
Ukrainian not in Ukraine simply also The
fact is that in Ukraine the coat of arms you simply
know little look at the Ukrainian coat of arms Yes, the
Ukrainian coat of arms is a trident it is very similar to
our Latvian ancient symbol  train here
we
had our prince so here kz Liz
he had this symbol this is the symbol of the
prince of Latgale Well what does this have to do with the Ukrainians
their coat of arms it is yellow on blue  And we have
white Yes, white Raiden is with us, the
Latvians,
well, honestly, I didn't know that, well,
because you Russians simply don't know
history, neither your own nor
someone else's Why do I know my history and
what do I know about someone else's history? I know
yours, the Principality of Lithuania And by the way  before
it was not Latvian Lithuanian it is not
Lithuanian it is there there are others there
Gediminas Olgerd it is different And with us yes
and it was quite powerful let's say so
we had Yes we had the thing that
there was the Grand Duke of Latgale and his
brother Semigallians here  well I don't know that I
won't say so here are the brothers Laga I'm
listening to you Yes yes speak up our great
princes brothers Latgale and Semigallians they
baptized Latvia so Latvia accepted
Christianity under Latgale
Semigallians WELL under the prince of Latgale prince
Semigallians Yes they were two rulers
and the prince Lad  galiy took for himself took for himself
as a symbol white rider on a black background
he has  was here and it is revered by us in
this We have a holiday in Latvia on the
day of summer standing That is, how is it like
Kupala Svyato
Yes Kupala Well yes and we have this according to
ancient custom this is one of the
symbols of the holiday whether Latvian what is
taken  this white
rider well such as sharp ones Yes
specially such a big handle with and the
trite on this Jacques is sharp and on it
historical as
if the enemies of the prince ga
and the enemies were Muscovites yes to put
on this rider that is on each tooth
hung the
head of some Muscovites Yes  and now
well now we can't because now
the legislation of the European Union
prohibits, like, well, hanging even models
Yes, people's heads, now we hang Yes, we
hang the symbol of the Russian Federation, a
chicken, yes, that is, we lagged on this trade
about the chicken in the middle there And here are two
chickens  and it turns out like the Russian
Federation Well, we have such a custom
on a holiday,
in the sense of I mean in the middle of the Rooster And
here are two hens well on  on the middle Dente
Raiden Rooster And on the extreme
hens what symbols What symbolizes
the landing of Russia on the
butts that
three
heads no these are torn
three it
turns out why Well
on the eagle two-
headed him
how many well one how is it heads two
one Does this happen only to Russians
[music]
okay Well that's it look So Well
look we are
Latvians you say no you are yours I understand
that you are
rewriting history your Moscow what year
Moscow was organized
education it is clear in what year Moscow In
what century Moscow is clear in general well
just not me my
time I will explain I will explain look  yes
Moscow appeared in in the 10th century
organized Who Who founded
Moscow Prince Yuri Dolgoruky no
Latvian prince zga brother lagala Yes these are the
original Latvian territories
was takori Dolgoruky Yuri Dolgoruky
Who
was he he was the son Yes he was the son of the daughter of the prince of
Semigall he was the grandson of the prince zga
Yes, I'm just interested in all this, what are
they, Jesus, what would you do if you formed Moscow?
Latvian
just wait one more time
Look at this look at the history of the history of the bri
berlin encyclopedia VS it is written yes
Moscow was founded by the prince of
evil you make me laugh In what year was it good
In what year was Moscow created In what year
was Moscow created everything Sorry Okay well
go on Russian is a corrupted
Lithuanian language
you couldn't even have your own written language
you At first you first
wrote with our Lithuanian letters then
when the Greeks the Greeks
Yes through the Bulgarians through Some of
them the Greeks through the Bulgarians Cyril and Methodius
and Clement of Ohrid brought you the initial
letters specifically to separate you
from the fraternal Latvian people  you understand
you betrayed you betrayed KATO
pore in the Greek
Faith with the Greeks
understand And
who are the
Bulgarians Why is Prince Vladimir the Bulgarians
Cyril and Methodius they slipped Prince Vladimir
Yes a Byzantine bride and
all that
we still have not Cyril and Methodius were earlier than
Vladimir so you know Yes a century
earlier
for a century Look, I'll open Wikipedia for you now, look Sorry, just mines, mines Here we have, look, look, Cyril and Methodius, yes, Cyril died, all oh, Cyril died in 869, and Methodius died in 885, and Prince Vladimir baptized Rus' 100 years later 58 I'm telling you, Cyril Methodius lived 100 years before Prince Vladimir look look carefully I taught this you betrayed you Muscovites betrayed our Catholic faith it look how scarlet Apostle Peter Where did he make a church in Rome in Rome look Jesus when I am a Catholic yes look when Apostle you read the Bible so look When died Yes Apostle Peter went and did where he did the church in Rome in Rome Yes the papal throne was in Rome the church of Christ and it was united until the Greeks made a split the Greeks took in order to weaken  The Great Roman
Empire Yes, they took it and divided it and
invented their own Orthodoxy Yes, what
can everyone do to invent their own
faith and you betrayed the
Catholic one you were baptized by
Rome no, but we were baptized by KZ Vladimir
Prince Vladimir took the Faith from Byzantium
Byzantium took
Orthodoxy from where Byzantium was it  at
that time yes the Eastern Roman Empire the
Eastern Roman Empire it was a single
church and only then
there century Yes that's what the
Byzantines took uh tore apart they
tore apart Rome and paid the price why
because they went against Christ
against the church of Christ and the Turks everything where
now Byzantium was Constantinople
Istanbul became because they betrayed the true
Catholic faith, yes,
you understand, and you, look, you betrayed
our Catholic Faith, Yes, Jesus Christ, and now what the
Greeks betrayed, Constantinople
only fell and Constantinople fell for centuries and the
Turks, the Turkish Muslim
boot tramples Constantinople, what with
Cathedral of Saint Sophia And now you have also betrayed Catholicism now Kadyrov Kadyrov trample Yes Kadyrov Chechens Kadyrovites are sharpening your Catholic Moscow one question tell me here I think I have an opinion that the biggest sin in life is to be Russian what No well I have something else opinion well come on well tell me I syu the biggest sin is to change your faith This is my personal opinion Not to kill you can kill someone steal there I don't know what else but the most the most for me for me the biggest sin is to change your there is Vladimir Rome was not born to become a Muslim Orthodox not Catholic if you were born a pagan then yes then you will be a pagan to the end then it turns out Prince Vladimir and all of Rus' committed a terrible sin that they accepted Christianity no they betrayed their faith Faith Faith is one in Jesus Christ the priest was born pagan all Rusichi were pagans and it turns out that at one point Prince Vladimir betrayed his faith for the sake of a Greek bride if honestly he didn't think about it Yes  let's think let's where is it in your place
look in your place in Khersones Yes where
Sevastopol is there the Greeks poured him some
wine he got drunk brought him this girl
I want They say no betray your faith
to marry her so they said yes
Greeks Yes grandfather Greeks  they said we will give it to you
if you accept Christianity and betray your
faith what did Prince Vladimir do betray
betrayed Faith this is our
history it turns out Prince Vladimir is the
most sinful of all his
Wait they all Yes they all
betrayed They no longer sinned that
is it turns out all all all Russians
betrayed their  faith when did they
become Christians from pagans Well,
pagans, I don't know, there were many
gods there, and the Greeks betrayed their
[laughter]
faith, grandfather ran away,
roasted, prose, whether he had his head, like, squeak,
comment, write on y Telegram right now,
axis VN,
apoc, this is very, very  important YouTube keep
us busy through Scar  Geor in your ban and very
much video I do not show people sometimes do not
show information about streams That is why in order for
us Mali operational links
are written right now and while there in telegram
okm video there is also interesting and useful
information and we are sorry for you
constant operational links
independent in that will show you the process
YouTube Slava subscribe